---------------------------------------------
    IMPLEMENTATION OF THE YARKOVSKY DRIFT
---------------------------------------------

GENERAL USAGE
   The implementation of the Yarkovsky effect reproduces the one used in orbit9. 
   The values of the Yarkovsky drifts are given in input, by means of the file
      yarkovsky.in
   which is a two-column file, containing in the first column the name of the object and in
   the second column the value of the drift in AU/My.

DETAILS OF THE IMPLEMENTATIONS

   VARIABLES ALREADY PRESENT
   Yarkovsky drift in mercury is implemented in the subroutine mfo_user, that permits to add
   a user-defined force. Some variables, already present in the code, that are needed are:
     1) The number of bodies involved, which are divided into
         nbod: total number of bodies
         nbig: total number of massive bodies, including the Sun
        The positions and velocities of these bodies are all stored in the same variable, wthout
        differences between massive and massless particles. 
        Then, the massless bodies have indices
           nbig+1,...,nbod
     2) The variable with the mass parameters is
           m(j) = GM(j)
        and the units are AU, days and solar masses
     3) The variable that contains the names of the objects is
           id(nbod) 
     4) The flag that indicates if we are using the user-defined force is 
           opt(8)
        and it can be 1 or 0.

   NEW VARIABLES
   To store the values of the Yarkovsky drifts in input, I added the vector
      dadt_My(NMAX)
   which is stored in a common block called /Yarkovsky/, which is used only in the main
   program and in the mfo_user.
   Note: this is not the best choice, the best solution would be to pass this variable
         every time that it is needed. However a lot of patient and carefulness have to be
         emplyed for this step, since there are quite a number of dependencies to keep
         track of.

   READ THE INPUT FILE
   The input file for the Yarkovsky drift is called
      yarkovsky.in
   and it must be placed in the folder where we are running mercury. 
   The routine that reads this file is 
      yarko_in
   This routine reads one row at a time:
      - First it reads the name of the object, then it search for it in the list of the
        objects, i.e. in the array id. If it is found, then the value of dadt_My in the
        corresponding index is added. If the object is not found, an error message is
        printed on the screen and the program stops.
      - Once we finish to read the file, we check that we have found all the objects in
        input. If this is not the case, an error message is printed on the screen and the
        program stops.
   Note that the sorting of the objects in the input file is not relevant.
